pipeline docs: default results to param.results (#1480)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/docs/usage.md

Note that the pipeline will create the following files in your working directory:

```console
work                # Directory containing the nextflow working files

> <OUTIDR>            # Finished results in specified location (defined with --outdir) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<OUTIDR>            # Finished results in specified location (defined with --outdir) 

```

> <OUTIDR>            # Finished results in specified location, --outdir (configurable, see below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<OUTIDR>            # Finished results in specified location (defined with --outdir) 
```
